BeamSpotESProducer pluginBeamSpotProducer.so
kokkos_cuda::BeamSpotToKokkos pluginBeamSpotProducer.so
kokkos_serial::BeamSpotToKokkos pluginBeamSpotProducer.so
kokkos_cuda::CAHitNtupletKokkos pluginPixelTriplets.so
kokkos_serial::CAHitNtupletKokkos pluginPixelTriplets.so
kokkos_cuda::PixelTrackSoAFromKokkos pluginPixelTriplets.so
kokkos_serial::PixelTrackSoAFromKokkos pluginPixelTriplets.so
kokkos_cuda::PixelVertexProducerKokkos pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
kokkos_serial::PixelVertexProducerKokkos pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
kokkos_cuda::PixelVertexSoAFromKokkos pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
kokkos_serial::PixelVertexSoAFromKokkos pluginPixelVertexFinding.so
kokkos_cuda::SiPixelRawToCluster pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
kokkos_serial::SiPixelRawToCluster pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
SiPixelFedIdsESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
kokkos_cuda::SiPixelFedCablingMapESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
kokkos_serial::SiPixelFedCablingMapESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
kokkos_cuda::SiPixelGainCalibrationForHLTESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
kokkos_serial::SiPixelGainCalibrationForHLTESProducer pluginSiPixelClusterizer.so
kokkos_cuda::PixelCPEFastESProducer pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
kokkos_serial::PixelCPEFastESProducer pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
kokkos_cuda::SiPixelRecHitKokkos pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
kokkos_serial::SiPixelRecHitKokkos pluginSiPixelRecHits.so
kokkos_cuda::CountValidator pluginValidation.so
kokkos_serial::CountValidator pluginValidation.so
